hey everyone it's the angry honey badger
here and it is time for another quick
build the winner for the last quick
build voting was for Darius if you want
to go ahead and vote for the next quick
build champion leave me a comment down
below on who you would like to see next
astrid arias abilities at level 1 we put
a point into his decimate and we max
this out first at level two put a point
into his crippling strike we're gonna
actually max this out second at level
three or four put a point into your
apprehend and we will be maxing this out
last put points into your ultimate at
level 6 11 and 16 as are my rune page
that I take I go with my a team it or
top page because I actually like his
early damage but we're gonna transition
them into more of a tank later on we
take attack damage marks we take some
scaling and some flat health seals if
you want armor get armor if you know
you're going to be going up against
another attack damage champion tho those
will help you out we go with a magic
resist per level glyphs and then more
attack damage in our quintessence ISM
after the masteries page I think just to
actual options you can definitely take I
think you can go with the tanky top lane
which is a 921 page or you can go with
the ad style page we take more damage
early it depends on just your lane
you're gonna be in who you're going up
against and if you think you can
snowball a lead or if you're gonna be
playing say as for the items I take what
I am playing the master of the dunks at
level 1 I will either start off with a
longsword and health pots if it's Elaine
I want to snowball and win or I will
start safe with cloth armor and health
pots in case I know I'm going to be
getting harassed a lot on my first few
trips back we're going to go with the
chain vest the baby cinder and maybe my
boots our early core items I like to
pick up a sunfire cape for those
harassment lanes it's going to help me
get armor and health very good to have
ninja tabi or merc treads really are
your choice for boots when you're going
to be in the middle of the game if it's
lane that you are winning and you want
to continue to win you're gonna probably
go with the Tiamat and get a good amount
of damage they're going on for you
allows you to push too and they will
lose a lot of cs under turret you're an
8p
Lane where you're up against a mage in
the top lane probably pick up the
hexdrinker very good item just in
general to and I do actually like it on
them but make sure you get this really
early if you're going to be up against
the Vlad cannon maokai somebody like
that it's gonna be a great item to help
you out as for the full bill that looks
a little bit like this we have the
sunfire cape we have our boots i'm going
to have our ravenous hydra the maw of
malmortius when we transition more into
tank instead of just half tank with a
random omen and a warm ox armor now if
you want some options instead of the war
mugs or maybe something else banshees
veil is a good one to pick up if you
need more magic resist you can cut out
the lore mugs if you want more hardcore
armor because of the damage their King
has pick up the frozen heart I know
we've recently talked about righteous
glory on dar dias I've looked into this
quite a bit now it can work but I don't
like it the most it's not bad it's not
great I think this is a play style and
what you need to do on your team so this
is an option too if you want to pick
this up earlier on but I typically like
either straight up defense or straight
up offense and then if they're going if
you're going up against all really tanky
team and you need to shred some armor
the last whisper actually will help him
out quite a bit just an extended team
fights but that is going to be a quick
build for Darius like I said you want to
vote for the next quick build champion
leave me a comment down below on who you
would like to see and thumbs up other
people's for champions that they have
listed you'd like to see them but other
than that good luck on the fields of
justice